Big Picture: The exact final goal of this app doesn't exist, it's more thought of as an app that I will add features to more and more. I'm pretty good at chess around 2000 Blitz elo and want to build my own analysis tool of my games.
dsfgreherfdg is my chess.com username. This is an example of an api to acces Hikaru's games https://api.chess.com/pub/player/Hikaru/games/2026/08.

Feature 1: I want the app to be able to analyze all my games from a desired time period. A good solution might be to pull all my games with the API the first time the app is used and store them in a local database. After that, the app would only need to fetch games that have been played since the latest stored game. This avoids downloading the entire game history every time. When the user selects a time period, the app can simply analyze the relevant games from the local database. The tool should focus on data that shows how good I play in certain opening moves. So it should have an 'opening feature' that shows (default 5) my top 5 moves from that opening and then the responses from my opponent. Data should show for every position my win percentage, draw percentage as well as loosing percantage. I have played from separate accounts so there should be possible to include multiple accounts and merge into the same database.

Feature 2: I want another feature that should be a different page that have an analysis tab and it views my top openings, like say for example you analyze 6 moves deep it can shows the top positions where there are the biggest differences if I make a move and there are a very big difference in win percentage or expected amount of Points I win from each game. Say that in maybe 4 moves deep there are a difference between 2 opening where expected Points earned are 0.7 and another move is 0.3. You might have a input that there should at least be 5 of my games or however much the user wants to support the data. Probably default should be 15.

Future feature: If I could somehow be able to reenter my games into the cloud and get an Engine analysis from som Engine that would be great but probably cost Money so it's not a priority right now.

Future development: I will probably want to add many more features so keep that in mind.
